itation
And, when the State, too
is alone in the formation of a new era,
and shots and armed forces are used cricket and
The people who follow the life of the nation,
which is the birthplace of the new country,
by the old ideas and the old system,
are the youth who are always the faith and power
of the country, as the history of the world and each country.
The society, which knows that the youth
is the pride of the youth,
is the society that knows that the youth
but at the same time, the youth must have
the faith and personality
that is worth the pride.
It was in January of the first year of the first year.
The Prime Minister of the time, Shigenobu Okuma
was shot down by a bomb
while he was on his way home from the night of the death.
The bomb hit the car of the Prime Minister
with two of his cars,
but the two of them miraculously didn't explode,
and the Prime Minister was safely rescued.
After the rescue, the Prime Minister said to me,
I have to fight against the evil
that has come to me
even though I have shot two cars.
Fortunately, the bomb was not exploded.
This is a proof that the name of the Prime Minister
is a great loss to Okuma.
I have to fight against the evil
that has come to me.
I, Okuma, am not the only one
who is aware of the true meaning of the survival of the accident.
I am the Prime Minister,
and I will not be forbidden to be a
firm believer in the true meaning of survival.
I will not be able to see the true meaning of survival
without self-awareness of the truth.
I will only be like a material,
and I will only spend my days like a material.
Even if I am still a 20 or 30-year-old Prime Minister,
in fact, I am just a living corpse
of a so-called Tolstoy.
The young generation is a generation
that has abandoned the privilege of youth.